Update scheduled task docs (#206)
aesmail/kaffy: README.md

Kaffy supports simple scheduled tasks. Tasks are functions that are run periodically. Behind the scenes, they are put inside `GenServer`s and supervised with a `DynamicSupervisor`.

> To setup scheduled tasks, first define a `task_[task_name]/1` function in your admin module that returns a list of task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup scheduled tasks, first define a `task_[task_name]/1` function in your admin module that returns a list of tasks:
```

end
```

Once this is done, add the admin module to the `scheduled_tasks` option in your config:
```elixir
config :kaffy,
  ...
  scheduled_tasks: [
    MyApp.Products.ProductAdmin
  ]

```

> Once this is done, a new "Tasks" menu item will show up (below the Dashboard item) listing all your tasks with some tiny bits of information about each task like the following image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new "Tasks" menu item will show up (below the Dashboard item) with your tasks as well as some tiny bits of information about each task like the following image:
```

- `{:ok, value}` which indicates a successful run. The `value` will be passed to the `action` function in its next run.
- `{:error, value}` which indicates a failed run. The `value` will be saved and passed again to the `action` function in its next run.

> In case the `action` function crashes, the task will be brought back up again in its initial state that is defined in the `task_[task_name]/1` function and the "Started" time will change to indicate the new starting time. This will also reset the successful and failed run counts to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `action` function crashes, the task will be brought back up again in its initial state that is defined in the `task_[task_name]/1` function and the "Started" time will change to indicate the new starting time. This will also reset the successful and failed run counts to 0.
```
